we're celebrating the life of Joe
Bianchi how will you remember him I
remember him as a great boy
very nice person very humble a very nice
guy very fun you know and a guy that has
a dream and he was very hungry for for
the result and he has amazing talent I
remember him as the best go-kart driver
I saw in my life unfortunately he didn't
have the opportunity to show in the
former one you know not having a
competitive car but you know I was very
close to him it was extraordinary driver
but it was a it was a great man a great
human 25 years old you know loved by his
family by his friends a lot of people
and he had a really good smile I liked I
like speaking with him just for that I
remember him very lively you know he was
a great guy not just inside the car he
was very competitive very hungry you
know it was always up for some racing
some kind of racing but even off the
track you know I've had him as my
teammate twice and he was fun he was
humble he was down to earth it was just
you know a fun and great guy and yeah
it's a shame that we lost him after such
an emotionally charged and tragic event
how difficult is it to come here to
Hungary and focus on being a racing
driver again well for sure it's not easy
I think for any driver because what's
been happening in the last the last few
days has been very difficult and it was
difficult to kind of let go on on
Tuesday so
but you know life goes on and we are
here to race as a team and me personally
so I'm sure when we put the helmets on
again that's when I feel the less
disturbed by any other thing so I'm
looking forward to that